The Ekateran Empire

Summary
Ekatera is a large mainly colonist nation, based on Terram with colonies on every planet in the sector. Ekatera stands to promote peace, building, and ecology, using technology that doesn't harm the environment. The Ekatera are an alienoid Empire based in Myraelia (the Milky Way in a parallel universe). Thus, because the milky way is too distant from most other galaxies in its universe, the Empire sent colonies through wormholes into other dimensions to settle. However, a newly formed wormhole was created near the homeworld of the Ekatera, and was found to lead to the Andromeda galaxy. Because the galaxy was already largely inhabited, the Ekatera sent a small colonist group to find a quiet place to settle. The colony landed on Terram, a planet similar to the homeworld of the Ekatera.

Lore
Ekatera is a nation of alien colonists from the galaxy Myraelia. They have recruited many humans and other sentient species to live amongst their empire in Andromeda, and fight for righteous causes, peace, and honor. Early Ekaterans invited and transported Hawkiens to Andromeda, hoping for a joint operation run by the Ekateran government, however the Hawkiens revolted, causing shifting relations between Hawkien and Ekateran empires until the Hawkiens reformed as Tranquilians.

In-Game Info
The most heavily populated nation on the server, with record population being 20 settlements and 198 members.

Government
Ekatera Government is an Aristotelian Technocracy/Meritocracy The government level of society is an oligarchy, where the head of government is in charge of managing branches. Each branch has a leader known as the Lord who makes decisions within the branch, and an assistant who enforces and manages decisions made. Individuals within each branch are treated equally, however they are not treated equal with other branches. Inequality within a branch would be discrimination, which is not allowed between Ekaterans. Inequality between branches however is intuitive, it allows each branch to gain the resources it needs for it specifically to be efficient.

The judicial system is semi-utilitarian. People who attempt and fail at breaking a law are punished anyways, however people punished for a law have their punishments lifted when a law is repealed. We believe that people have the right to determine whether the consequence is worth the action, because sometimes breaking the law and serving punishment is worth it for the greater good.
